[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: I had a
near-death experience in 1969
after the birth of a child.
There was this bright light.
And I saw movement
at the end of my bed.
And when I looked, Jesus was
standing at the end of my bed.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Oh my,
not a hallucination?
Do we all enter the fifth
dimension at some time?
>>GILLETTE: We're all in it now.
They identify as
Theo as a group.
And they're teachers
and overseers.
They will answer you directly.
You can ask Theo the question.
>>NOORY: Anything I want.
>>GILLETTE: Anything you want.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
You will be glued to your
television with this program.
Sheila Gillette
with us, bestselling
author and channeler for 12
archangels known collectively
as a group as Theo.
Her work has supported
millions of people
all around the world in
their spiritual journeys.
Sheila, welcome to the program.
>>GILLETTE: George, it's
so nice to be here and be
with you, to all your
listeners and watchers.
>>NOORY: How old were
you when you started
the channeling of archangels?
>>GILLETTE: I was 24.
>>NOORY: What happened?
What was the episode?
>>GILLETTE: I had a
near-death experience in 1969
after the birth of a child.
And I had pulmonary embolisms.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>GILLETTE: And both my
lungs were nonfunctional.
>>NOORY: On the birth table,
this all happened to you?
>>GILLETTE: No, it
happened after the birth.
>>NOORY: Oh my God.
>>GILLETTE: And so
what pulmonary embolism
is they're blood clots
that go into your lungs
and break the blood
vessels in your lungs.
>>NOORY: You can die from that.
>>GILLETTE: You die from that.
So I felt both my lungs
were full of fluid,
and I felt as if I had an
elephant sitting on my chest.
I couldn't breathe.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>GILLETTE: And my
family was being prepared
for my death in that day.
And so I was in intensive care.
And I had two
little kids at home,
and I had a brand
new baby, and I
said, hey, God, give me a job.
I'll do anything.
>>NOORY: Please, God.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Please.
>>GILLETTE: And I wanted to be
on the planet for my children.
And I just-- that was my mantra.
And the nurses would come in and
say, you have to go to sleep.
But if I knew I
would close my eyes,
I would never open them again.
>>NOORY: Were you
scared to go to sleep?
>>GILLETTE: I was fighting
really hard to stay alive.
>>NOORY: I don't blame you.
>>GILLETTE: And so in
a moment, the room,
the little cubicle
in intensive care
became extremely bright
as if the sun had
risen in the room itself,
and I saw movement
at the end of my bed.
And when I looked, Jesus was
standing at the end of my bed.
>>NOORY: Oh my, not
a hallucination?
>>GILLETTE: No, it was--
people call them apparitions.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GILLETTE: But he was
standing at the end of my bed.
And he had like a cloak
on with big, open sleeves.
But I was mesmerized
by his eyes.
He had the most
beautiful hazel eyes.
And I thought-- a funny
thought that I had was
his hair was about this length.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: And I thought all
the pictures I had seen were
blonde-eyed--
blue-eyed, blonde Jesuses
in church statues and things
like that.
And then I would see the
auburn hair ones as well.
But it was-- his
hair was auburn.
>>NOORY: Did he have
a halo around it?
>>GILLETTE: No.
But there was this
bright light and--
>>NOORY: Which
was bright enough.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, it
But the presence and
his eyes were so kind.
And then he took his arms
and he went like this under
the sleeves, and when
he did that, I heard,
in my inner mind hearing as
we hear our own thoughts--
not externally as
you're hearing me--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GILLETTE: --I
heard a male voice,
distinct male voice say
to me, remember, my child,
you're loved.
And at that point, I felt as
if my crown had opened up.
And I likened it
to warm honey being
poured in because this
warmth started seeping down
inside my body.
I could feel this
enormous warmth.
And as it went through
the trunk of my body,
I felt as if I could
take a deep breath.
And it could have happened
in hours or moments.
It's as fresh to me in my
mind as when it happened.
>>NOORY: After this
apparition occurred,
when was the connection
with the archangels?
>>GILLETTE: I was
in the hospital
then and started getting better.
My doctors were amazed.
And I was in the
hospital for a month.
And about six months after
I was out of the hospital,
I started having all
kinds of psychic phenomena
happening to me
internally, externally.
>>NOORY: I see.
>>GILLETTE: I
could hear messages
as I heard Jesus's voice
in the hospital that day.
And I had phenomena happening.
I had my bed levitate in the
middle of the night one night.
And if spirit or the angels
wanted to talk to me,
the chair in which
I would be sitting
would physically be
shaking and moving.
So I had--
>>NOORY: You could feel it.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, absolutely.
It was very visible, too.
And then I could do
automatic writing
where if I held the pen,
it would write messages.
And I could do telekinesis
where you could move objects
with your mind.
>>NOORY: Right, right.
>>GILLETTE: And so I did that
because I was experimenting
with all this to
make sure that--
>>NOORY: This was novel for you.
>>GILLETTE: --this
was a real thing.
Well, you can think 1969--
think back.
So much was going on
in the world then.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
It never stops.
>>GILLETTE: But this isn't--
these topics that
you and I discuss
weren't even topics that
we would talk about openly.
Some people would--
>>NOORY: It was very private.
>>GILLETTE: It was so private.
>>NOORY: Very private.
>>GILLETTE: Because
there was so much fear.
I didn't go into
social situations,
for example, and say,
guess what I can do?
Because people would
have been afraid of me.
And so this developed.
I was invited to come
and speak to scientists
and be tested for
my psychic ability.
>>NOORY: Which was getting
better and better and better,
I assume.
>>GILLETTE: It was.
But I was considered a
direct voice trance medium.
The word channeling
wasn't even used then
because I was laying down
just like Edgar Cayce, and I--
>>NOORY: Were you alert?
>>GILLETTE: I would
be totally not alert.
>>NOORY: You were out.
>>GILLETTE: I was
in a trance state,
and this voice would
speak through me.
But over time now,
it's developed to today
where I stand and they walk me,
and they speak and eyes open,
but then eyes
closed, totally out.
But what was good
about that is that I
was so analytical and curious.
And I wanted to be sure
that the messages weren't
being infiltrated
by my consciousness.
That it was pure.
>>NOORY: That you were
inputting as opposed to--
>>GILLETTE: Exactly.
>>NOORY: But at that point, did
you were dealing with angels?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: You did.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GILLETTE: I was told--
>>NOORY: 12?
>>GILLETTE: --by them.
The first spokesman was one
called Aulus and said that--
I'm going to say he for lack
of a better terminology--
was there to prepare my
body for higher teachers
because it's such an
energetic exchange.
>>NOORY: They had
a plan for you.
>>GILLETTE: They did.
>>NOORY: They probably still do.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I want you
to look at a clip
from Gaia's program,
"Initiation."
Matias de Stefano talks
about the fifth dimension.
After we see this, explain to
us why that fifth dimension
is so important.
>>GILLETTE: OK.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- The fifth dimension is
born in the same moment
that the first
dimension was born.
The first dimension
was born from the idea
that this being
has about itself.
But this idea has
love to be expressed,
has wisdom to understand
who it is, who it was,
and who it will be, and has
will to move and create,
and also have this
idea of living
a process of four
statements that we
call, in the whole
role, like evolution.
And once you accomplish
the evolution
of every stages of the
universe, you are a co-creator.
You are able to become not
only a creation but also
a creator itself.
The fifth dimension
is the one where
the wise ones, those
who has accomplished
the experience of
the third dimension,
can watch the
expression, can watch
the whole process of the fourth
dimension and understand why,
what's the purpose of it.
That's why there's
a lot of people
that says that in
the fifth dimension,
we have the masters, the guides,
the people and beings who
are heading us in our
mission, who are leading us
in our purpose on life, and
are those who speak to our ears
and say what is good, what is
bad, where to go or not to go,
what to do, what not to do.
Those people that
hear themselves
in the fifth
dimension are the ones
that channel the
information from the whole,
are the ones that have
the whole picture.
Fifth dimension is
related to the third one
because fifth dimension
is the one that
helps us to understand
the process we
live in the third and
the fourth dimension.
That's why the beings
in the fifth dimension
guide us in the third dimension.
And as we do our lives and
as we express our realities
in the third dimension as
human beings, or plants,
or as animals,
minerals, whatever,
in the third dimension, we help
the people from fifth dimension
to understand their selves
through that experience.
So we used to
believe that beings
in the fourth, the fifth,
the sixth dimension
are people or beings that
are more evolved than we are,
but it's not like that.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Sheila, explain to us
what the fifth dimension is.
>>GILLETTE: Well,
I agree with him.
My first book was
called "Fifth Dimension,
Channels to a New Reality."
>>NOORY: There you go.
>>GILLETTE: And what
Theo spoke to us about
is that this time we're
living in right now,
we're fully, all
of us, experiencing
the fifth dimension.
And the fifth dimension is
the realization of the masters
that we are.
The third is our
physical reality,
the fourth is our
spiritual awakening,
and the fifth is the fuller
expression in and through us
of this consciousness
of the fifth dimension.
>>NOORY: Do we all enter the
fifth dimension at some time?
>>GILLETTE: We're all in it now.
>>NOORY: Ongoing.
>>GILLETTE: It's
vibrational frequencies.
One could call it enlightenment.
The fifth-- Theo says there's
12 dimensions about the Earth.
The fifth and sixth will be
expressed and experienced
in our human experience
or physical experience
and the others we're in contact
with as the teaching realm.
So I agree with what he had
said that there are beings,
such as Theo, the
archangels, that
are here to teach and assist
us evolve in our consciousness.
And this is a time of this
consciousness evolution
that they said has never
happened on this planet before.
>>NOORY: Now, is Theo an
umbrella for all the archangels
or is it just one?
>>GILLETTE: Is an umbrella
or spokesmen for 12.
>>NOORY: 12 of them.
>>GILLETTE: Mhm.
>>NOORY: Now, how do we know
at any particular time which
is which or doesn't matter?
>>GILLETTE: Well, they
say it doesn't matter.
They will not
identify singularly.
They identify as
Theo, as a group.
But we've noticed over
time and listening
to recordings you can tell a
little bit of a difference who
the spokesman is, but
they won't identify who,
that they say the message
is what is of import
and that the messenger--
there would be
too much attention
paid to the messenger
and not the message.
>>NOORY: When you
channel, how do you begin?
Because I'm going to have
you do that in just a moment.
But tell us the process.
>>GILLETTE: Well, what I
do is I just close my eyes.
I take a couple of deep
breaths to center myself.
And then I invite
Theo to come in.
And they've always come in
the right side of my body.
>>NOORY: All 12 of them.
>>GILLETTE: Well,
the spokesman does.
But the energy of
the 12 is there.
That's why I say my body
is constantly adjusting
to their higher frequency.
>>NOORY: Are these the
archangels, Sheila,
that we have always known of--
Gabriel, Michael, people
like that, angels like that?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: They are, OK.
>>GILLETTE: And they're
teachers and overseers
that are here to assist
us in our recognizing
the masters that we are.
>>NOORY: And in
the channeling, do
I ask your physical
body the question?
They hear it, and they
answer it through you?
>>GILLETTE: They will
answer you directly.
You ask them.
You can ask Theo the question.
>>NOORY: Anything I want.
>>GILLETTE: Anything you want.
>>NOORY: Now, when we're done
with the questioning, how
do I get you back?
>>GILLETTE: You just say, Theo,
I'm finished with my questions,
and they'll give a
salutation to you.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GILLETTE: And then they'll
leave, and I'll be back.
>>NOORY: All right, let's try.
Let's get you into the mode.
And how do I know when to start?
>>GILLETTE: They will
say, you may begin.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GILLETTE: And they'll come in
and say, this is the beginning,
is it not?
And that's how it always starts.
And then they'll say, there's
one who wishes to ask questions
or there's an asking, and
they'll say, you may begin.
>>NOORY: And this is not
harmful to you in any way?
>>GILLETTE: No, they've been
working with me for like,
I say, 50 years.
>>NOORY: That's a long time.
>>GILLETTE: So it's
become comfortable.
>>NOORY: And you're only 35.
How did this happen?
>>GILLETTE: [LAUGHS] I know.
>>NOORY: I love it.
OK, let's begin.
>>GILLETTE: Here we go.
>>NOORY: Do what you do.
>>GILLETTE: All
right, here we go.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>NOORY: May I begin
to question you, Theo?
>>GILLETTE: You may ask, yes.
>>NOORY: Theo, we seem to be
at a time in our life on planet
Earth where everything is
going wrong with people.
We've had a epidemic of a
disease called COVID-19.
We have armed
conflicts in Europe.
Everything seems to be
upside down for people.
How does our future look?
>>GILLETTE: We see
it as very positive.
We've been speaking about
this time for five decades.
It is now the full fifth
dimensionary energy
that is about the
planet, which is
a magnificent shift
of consciousness
for the human species and
all species on your planet.
And this is bringing
about what one
would call a new world,
collaborative world,
for the highest good of all.
So the old structures
and foundations
that have been
known do not work.
And that is completing,
dissolving, if you would.
So the political structures
are changing dramatically.
The economic structure,
which is global,
will be changed in
the betterment of all.
And then there is, as you've
seen, the pandemic, as it were,
has shown you that
you're all connected.
It did not discriminate between
you as you do between others.
It was an equal
opportunity for all
to then be caring, most
importantly, of each other.
And this is a time of great
change that is a positive.
And out of this
chaos will come order
by the people of the world.
>>NOORY: So that's a good thing.
>>GILLETTE: It is a good thing.
>>NOORY: Many people talk
about end times, apocalypse.
Are we in those end times now?
>>GILLETTE: It's
an end time of what
has been known, the foundations
that are dissolving.
But there are many good things
being born out of this time--
new industry, new recognition
of how to care for the world.
You witnessed in the
pandemic, did you
not, that when people would
stop doing what they were doing,
the planet would heal itself?
And it happened
immediately, did it not?
So these are the ways
of the world that
will change new
industry that is better
for the planet, new
consciousness that is better
for the planet,
new collaborations
amongst the artisans in
the sciences that bring
about the highest good
and order for all species
upon this planet.
You are not competitive species.
You are collaborative.
But there are those who
have been competitive
that wish to rule others,
and that won't work anymore.
>>NOORY: Theo, why
do you channel?
>>GILLETTE: We've come
here to be teachers
in this evolution
that is happening
and to allow others to become
aware of how magnificent
you are.
If you could see
yourselves as we see you,
there would be no
discontent, and you
would treat each other with
love, not harm and judgment.
>>NOORY: Do you
know those angels
that have been called
the fallen angels?
>>GILLETTE: We see
no fallen angels.
That's a concept that
humans have made out
of the good and bad thinking.
>>NOORY: So we didn't
have Satan at the time?
>>GILLETTE: That's an
imagination of people
doing bad things, isn't it?
So there had to be
a name given it,
and unfortunately, it has
been given to one of our own.
>>NOORY: Who is still with you?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
You call him Lucifer, but
he is a very light angel,
not a fallen angel.
Satan is the evil
you see in the world.
That dichotomy of
good and bad and evil
have been manmade thoughts.
God is not a punishing God.
It is a solid state
of unconditional love
and would not send those who
would harm, only to enlighten.
>>NOORY: Have you met God?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is God?
>>GILLETTE: Solid state
of unconditional love.
It is not one who
sits on a mountain
with white hair and a
long beard demanding
one be smitten or one be saved.
It is not that.
You all have the power of
God, the creator, that is you.
You are made in that likeness.
It is the beliefs of not being
that, that has harmed you.
>>NOORY: Why is there so
much evil on this planet?
And there is evil.
>>GILLETTE: That is
coming from beliefs of not
being good enough, unworthy.
>>NOORY: Why do
children go and shoot up
other children in schools?
Why do we have so much hatred?
>>GILLETTE: Because
they've experienced hatred
by those who've they've come
to think of as loving to them
and have not been.
Hurting people hurt
and hurt others.
>>NOORY: Is there
a way out for us?
>>GILLETTE: Of course, that's
what we're talking about.
If each and every one of you
would do soul integration,
integrate the fragmented
aspects of your soul that
have been harmed in other
times and other experiences,
and loving them, the higher
self, the whole self of you
giving them love
unconditionally,
and changing, rewriting
the script of your beliefs
of not being worthy
or good enough,
and giving the
self that love, you
would be able to
give it to others.
>>NOORY: Theo, how do we get
Sheila back for more questions?
>>GILLETTE: In the
asking, it is given.
You are complete with your
question in this moment?
>>NOORY: I may summon
you back later on, can I?
>>GILLETTE: In your asking,
it would be given, yes.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>GILLETTE: Good day.
>>NOORY: Good day.
Sheila, are you back yet?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Now, while
that was going on,
that conversation with Theo,
did you recollect any of it?
Did you hear what's going on?
>>GILLETTE: I hear
what's going on.
I don't retain all the words.
>>NOORY: I asked
him about Lucifer.
I asked him about
the apocalypse.
I asked him about other world
events and things like that.
It's pretty fascinating.
>>GILLETTE: It is.
>>NOORY: It's pure
love, too, isn't it?
>>GILLETTE: It is, very much so.
>>NOORY: Have they ever
not been there for you?
>>GILLETTE: Once.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>GILLETTE: I had a client--
a private client--
that at the time
I was seeing people
privately, and they would come
to my office or to my home.
And this gentleman came
for his appointment.
And this has only
happened this one time.
And he came in.
He sat down.
I sat down as we did today,
and I invited Theo to come in.
And Theo came in and
said to this gentleman,
you are not willing to
hear the truth and left.
>>NOORY: And left?
>>GILLETTE: And they left.
And so I came out
of the trance state
and here's this gentleman
looking at me like you are,
and I didn't know
what to say or do.
And I said, what happened?
And he said, well,
Theo told me I'm not
willing to hear the truth.
And I said, oh, really?
And he said, yes.
And they're absolutely right.
>>NOORY: They were right.
And they wanted
nothing to do with him.
>>GILLETTE: And he agreed.
And he said, I almost
canceled my appointment
because I was afraid of
what I was going to hear.
And he was perfectly
fine with it.
But I was mortified at
first because I thought, now
what am I going to do?
But I have no control over it.
>>NOORY: Have they
ever brought to you--
you talked about Jesus earlier.
But have they ever brought
to you the God figure?
>>GILLETTE: I think
it's all around us.
So I feel, in their presence,
every time they work with me
I imbue--
am imbued by that energy
through them and--
>>NOORY: I pick up vibes
from you of pure love.
I don't think you have an
angry bone in your body.
You're a human being.
How were you able
to accomplish that?
>>GILLETTE: Oh, I get angry.
>>NOORY: Do you?
>>GILLETTE: I do.
[LAUGHS] I wish
I was that great.
Thank you, George,
for saying that.
>>NOORY: You don't show it.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, I
have my moments just
like everybody else.
>>NOORY: We'll talk
to your husband.
He'll tell us the truth, right?
>>GILLETTE: He'll say
I'm pretty human, yeah.
>>NOORY: What have you
learned from this experience
for yourself?
>>GILLETTE: Oh,
gosh, I wouldn't be
the person I am today had
I not had this experience
and not had the
teachers that I have.
I'm a student of them just
like everybody who hears them.
And they brought forth a
process, a soul integration
process which allows us to
let go of limiting beliefs,
of changing the beliefs,
the patterns of belief
that keep bringing
negative experiences to us.
And so I've been a
student of that as well.
So to answer your question,
how can I be who I am today
is being that student and
really applying that information
in my life.
>>NOORY: How often
do you channel them?
>>GILLETTE: Every day.
>>NOORY: For yourself or
for the good of humanity?
>>GILLETTE: For
myself and for others.
>>NOORY: Clients?
>>GILLETTE: Mhm.
And we do a lot of teaching
now, mentoring programs.
And we do a lot of internet
mentoring programs.
And so we have a global group,
a global family, I call them.
And we have a certification
program in the soul integration
process that now there are
other people in the world that
are out assisting people to come
into that state of self-love.
>>NOORY: Generally, do
your clients channel Theo
through you like we just did?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do
they want to know?
Do they get involved in their
personal life, the finances,
the relationships?
>>GILLETTE: Everything.
>>NOORY: They'll ask all that?
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And will
the angels supply
that kind of information?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And they say no
question is unimportant.
If we have a question
in our mind and heart,
when that becomes
satisfied, we're
ready to ask the
bigger, deeper, broader,
however we want to talk
about it questions.
>>NOORY: Do they get
involved in our direct life
with any kind of influence?
Can they manipulate
and change things?
>>GILLETTE: They always say,
in the asking, it is given.
That they're not there
to usurp our free will.
But if we ask their
assistance, ask them for help--
and that's true for all of us
who have angels and guides--
they're waiting to be asked.
So every day I ask Theo to
assist my life that day.
>>NOORY: Let me ask them
a few more questions
if you could get back
into that mode for us.
>>GILLETTE: I sure will.
I'd be happy to.
>>NOORY: Go ahead.
>>GILLETTE: OK, here we go.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>NOORY: It is, Theo.
Welcome back.
>>GILLETTE: We appreciate
the opportunity
to be of service unto you.
>>NOORY: Would you consider
being on a national radio
show one day to get the word
out to millions of people?
>>GILLETTE: We would,
in the asking, yes.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
have a life as a human?
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>NOORY: You were simply
what from the beginning?
>>GILLETTE: We were
archangels as messengers
of what you call God
or that solid state
of unconditional love.
>>NOORY: Is Michael with you?
>>GILLETTE: Michael is
with us as with you.
>>NOORY: Can I talk
to him individually?
Or who am I talking to now?
>>GILLETTE: You are talking
to Theo, the collective group
as the archangels, we are.
>>NOORY: Are all 12 of you
inputting as you speak?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Aha.
I had heard years ago
that Michael was always
there on the battlefield
of soldiers to help them.
Is that true?
>>GILLETTE: That's
a human vision.
>>NOORY: Yes.
But did it ever happen?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, because
he's the overseer
of that legion of angels
that are there to assist.
>>NOORY: Why when people pray,
do sometimes angels assist them
and sometimes they don't?
>>GILLETTE: They
always assist them,
but they may not
get what they want.
It may not be in the
highest good of their soul.
And the soul has control,
not the personality.
>>NOORY: Why does God
allow bad things to happen?
>>GILLETTE: It's people
that bad things happen.
It's personality disorder.
It's human activity.
God is a loving God.
But you have the power.
That's why we're
here to let you know.
Each and every one of you
have a convenient excuse
that God did this
or that to you.
Nothing happens to you.
It happens through you.
Life happens through you
and for you, not to you.
Life is a gift.
There are billions
of souls that would
like to have a human body.
You won the lottery.
You got one.
And so what you do with
that is of great importance,
particularly now in this
shift of consciousness.
And what you are doing in
informing people of the power
within is a purposeful
gift you give them.
>>NOORY: Do you sometimes
wish you were in a human body?
>>GILLETTE: No, we
like what we do.
>>NOORY: It's a
great thing, though.
You can have a great time.
>>GILLETTE: We have the
opportunity of having that
through you and with you.
>>NOORY: Wouldn't you
like to eat a hot dog?
>>GILLETTE: We don't eat.
>>NOORY: That's
my sense of humor.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Did you catch it?
>>GILLETTE: We did.
>>NOORY: Did you appreciate it?
>>GILLETTE: That
was ours as well.
We don't eat.
>>NOORY: Do you laugh?
>>GILLETTE: We think
things are very humorous,
but most think we
are very serious.
>>NOORY: Do you cry?
>>GILLETTE: We
have sadness, yes.
>>NOORY: What makes you sad?
>>GILLETTE: Sometimes
what humans do.
>>NOORY: It's a strange
being that we are.
>>GILLETTE: We
find you oftentimes
humorous for you keep doing
the same things over and over
again, and in that having
similar results until you
change your thinking.
And that's what we're here to
impress upon you to change.
>>NOORY: Theo, thank you for
spending some time with us
today.
>>GILLETTE: We are appreciative
of the opportunity to serve.
>>NOORY: May we
have Sheila back?
>>GILLETTE: God's
love on to you.
Good day.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
Sheila, I asked Theo some
pretty profound questions,
and they answered me directly--
>>GILLETTE: They do.
>>NOORY: --without
any hesitation.
>>GILLETTE: I found that to be
true now for the five decades
I've worked with them.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about
the documentary "Tuning In"
on our Gaia and talk
about channeling
and see what they
experienced to see if it
echoes what you went through.
>>GILLETTE: OK.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- All right.
- Greetings, dear ones.
- Yes, hello, dear.
- May the peace of the great
spirit be with you always.
- So let us begin
with the discussion.
The first time I
ever talked to Tobias
was on an Airplane in 1997.
And I wasn't particularly
spiritual or metaphysical.
I was in the business
world at the time,
and Tobias came in on this
plane flight and started talking
and hasn't stopped since.
But initially, it was
just me talking to Tobias.
I hadn't even told
Linda about it.
- And how long did it take
you before you broke it
to Linda, that this was--
- It was about a year.
- So you kept it to
yourself for a year?
- Yeah.
- I received what
felt like what I
experienced to be a
telepathic contact from Bashar
and his people.
In that moment of the
telepathic contact,
a memory actually
came back of having
made an agreement somewhere
prior to this life to do this.
- I grew up in a Roman Catholic
family of Sicilian immigrants.
Most of them, even
today after I've
been channeling Joseph for 15
years, don't know what I do.
They have some idea, because
I don't talk about it to them,
and they don't ask me.
They know I do
something "weird."
- I was very lucky.
I had a lot of support.
My friends were very accepting.
And that's one thing that I've
always been really open about.
I didn't really hide
it even from employers.
And I've always felt it
was really important for me
to be honest about that because
I saw how it impacted people.
- I started in a class
where we were really
studying making a trance
bridge, an intro psychic bridge
to other sources
of intelligence.
And so it started in the
context of that class.
- See, I thought that all
of these esoteric things
were for older women over
40 and it would have nothing
to do with men.
So I was dragged to these two
guys who channeled for me,
and there was something--
this was three years apart.
They both told me
the same thing.
And that is when I had
to start looking at,
how could guys 20 years apart
in age, three years apart in ID,
who never knew
each other give me
information that was identical?
And the information
just happened
to be that there was a
master named Cryon who I
was supposed to get a hold of.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Sheila,
what would you like
to tell the many people who
are watching you right now?
You've got a platform.
>>GILLETTE: Well,
what I'd like to tell
people is you are more
than you think you are
and that you're better
than you think you are.
And getting in touch on
the inner with that wisdom
that each and every
one has that that's
what we're here for now
in this fifth dimension.
That's what we're here for now
in this consciousness shift.
And if we all gain that inner
love-- it's an inside-out job--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GILLETTE: --we can let go
of those limiting beliefs.
We can have peace on our planet.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
>>GILLETTE: They can check
out our website @asktheo.com.
>>NOORY: T-H-E-O.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>NOORY: They're remarkable
individuals, angels,
and they've been there
when I needed help, too.
>>GILLETTE: I'm sure they have.
>>NOORY: They don't turn
their backs, do they?
>>GILLETTE: No.
They just are constant in
the message, in the love.
>>NOORY: Are you
happy for our future?
>>GILLETTE: I am.
I'm optimistic.
I know there's all this
chaos going on, but I trust--
>>NOORY: It never stops.
That's living, I guess.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, I guess so.
But I think as we evolve
in our conscious state
and in our self-love, it
will change the world.
It truly will.
>>NOORY: Sheila, thanks
for being on the program,
and thanks to Theo for
being on the program.
>>GILLETTE: It's
been my pleasure,
and it's great meeting you.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
It is the first time I have
ever interviewed archangels,
and I'll never forget it.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]